# Grammer-Checker
I check for their/there grammer mistakes and makes corrections. Trust me, I was programmed to do this.

*Its easy to think of software, especially with the discursive and semiotic veneer of consumer-grade products, as inherently trustworthy. We've gotten used to it: just letting automation do its job.Grammer Checker is a cheeky bot meant to undermines our over-confidence in automated systems as necessarily accurate and utilitarian.This bot is meant to subvert the trust we place in such systems by acting as tactical media.*

*Masquerading as just another utilitarian tool, it is in fact explicitly programmed to suggest the wrong corrections - to (un)correct grammar usage of 'there' and 'their' found on Twitter.(It would be interesting to see if people assume that the suggestions made are correct just because they comes from an automated system, if they'd momentarily doubt themselves, or whether they would confront the software). Do people place more trust in their own knowledge and intuition than in a software that seemed designed to correct them? Will those (un)corrected by GrammerChek simply turn to the algorithms of Google or Microsoft Word instead to double-check against another software?Though in most cases software like Microsoft Word are meticulously engineered to be as close to flawless as possible, I think we have adopted a flawed cultural perception that all software are necessarily so by mere virtue of being shipped as such. Perhaps because source code falls into the same seemingly rigorous systematic codification as spelling and grammar itself we feel there are some immutable laws that make them rigorous. Yet who do we turn to to see if the algorithm of a black-boxed consumer product is 'correct'? (In this case, however, you can read the source-code below and clearly see that the 'grammar' of the grammar-algorithm is incorrect).*

*Importantly, the way we conceive of software, and the way software is culturally constructed, are interrelated. Marketing rhetoric, corporate and institutional rubber-stamps, tech-jargon, branding, and an all-round techno-positivism play important roles in what software is as culture. That is also why, importantly, I've dressed up my bot not as the cobbled-together open-source amateur hour project it is - but as a 'real' product.Yet, to avoid Poe's law, the name of the software is itself a clue to the 'flawed design' as well as the Twitter profile pic and (worth the read) banner. For after all, despite my academic pontification, this 'tactical media' machine is little more than a Troll.*
